hey guys welcome back bohac here from
network mines today what I'm going to do
is I'm going to show you how to get rid
of these stupid Metro apps all in one
command well actually three commands so
what we're going to do is we're going to
go to all programs we're going to right
click on PowerShell and I'm going to say
run as an administrator now I happen to
turn off the UAC on this machine so
normally you'd get box and I would say
go ahead and you know allow this program
so first we're going to say get App X
package and we're going to put a dash
all users and this shows us all of the
packages that are installed on the
system so all of these packages are
actually on the system right now and I
want to get rid of them all now you
can't uninstall everything there's a
couple of them that just you won't be
able to get rid of like juniper junos
VPN and the checkpoint VPN client but
we'll see those in red errors and will
disregard that so next we're going to
put in get app X package I'm just going
to cheat and yet we're going to have all
users but this time we're going to pipe
it to remove app X package
and I'm going to hit enter and we're
going to see the magic happen so the
errors that we get there are the ones
that we can't remove and if I just arrow
up and I do get a pecs package actually
I'm going to select by name we can see
that we cleaned out a good bit of the
packages on this system now one of the
problems is that if we create a brand
new user all of these apps are going to
get reinstalled they're cold
I think staged so we're going to do one
other thing we're going to say get App X
provisioned package - online and we're
going to pipe that to remove app X
provision package - online and we're
going to get basically rid of everything
else that's on the system
and if I go back
we have nothing that stage now and if I
go back and select my name we just have
those so if I click on the start menu
the only thing I have left is the
Windows Store and if we want to get rid
of that and we want to prevent these
things from ever getting installed on
the system we can do one other thing
here we could type gpedit.msc and that's
going to open up our group policy editor
and we'll go down to administrative
templates windows components store and
we will go to turn store turn off the
store application and we will enable
that and now if somebody does find that
store and goes to log on to it and will
notice the Windows Store isn't available
on this PC
go ahead contact your administrator and
see if they care and we've now
eradicated the Windows Store off this PC
and all of the little junky apps that
come with it I hope you enjoyed this
video do you have any comments leave
them down in the comment section below
Facebook Google+ or Twitter subscribe to
my channel and as always I thank you for
watching
you